welcome to the falcon and the winter
soldier episode three
crammed well it looks like seven years
of good behavior has gotten zemo
downgraded to a medium-security prison
since civil war
and bucky talks to him alone helmut only
used the winter soldier
as a means to an end but the news that
there's more super soldiers out in the
world again
disturbs him too so willing to break the
rules for some more info
bucky helps create a distraction by
starting a prison riot and provides
zemo with what he needs to escape on his
own much to sam's surprise
but they will be keeping him on a tight
leash meanwhile john walker is two steps
behind
everything and treated like a joke by
those loyal to the flag smashers
so decides instead to just keep an eye
on what sam and bucky get up to
zemo is a baron as well as a former
intelligence officer
and has access to resources like his old
combat gear
and a private jet he takes an interest
in bucky's list of names
which is not appreciated and both the
younger men give
barnes a hard time for not loving marvin
gaye helmut is flying them to magidepod
a kind of lawless island nation near
indonesia that's a haven for those
keeping off the grid
in order to blend in sam is posing as
the smiling tiger
and bucky pretends to be his old winter
soldier self
under zemo's control the low town
underworld is run by the power broker
the same person who's also chasing down
the flag smashes but
they're here to see someone called selby
and after a little bit of public hydra
assassin flexing by bucky
to prove that they're cool enough to
hang out they get a face to face
selby knows the location of the
scientist but was last working on the
super soldier serum
but sam gets a loudspeaker call from his
sister that blows their cover
just before selby is killed by a sniper
the boys escape under gunfire to
discover that their retreat
is being covered by former shield agent
13.
sharon carter unlike the ex-boyfriend
club she never handed herself
in after civil war to receive a pardon
and has been selling stolen art on the
black market
and hosting private parties ever since
so sam
offers to help her get her name cleared
in return for some assistance
despite her jaded outlook and she takes
them to the magi deport dockyards to the
secret laboratory
of dr wilfried nagle after hydra fell
he was picked up by the cia to optimize
the super soldier serum
using the blood samples taken from
isaiah and he then
ended up here where he made 20 complete
samples for the power broker before
they were stolen by carly morgenfeld's
flag smashers
meanwhile the whole time that they're
getting this information sharon carter
is outside stopping bounty hunters sent
by the power broker from
interfering by striking them with
hit-and-run combat techniques
and aggressive takedowns but zemo
continues his own agenda by suddenly
killing the scientist
just before the power brokers men up
their game and blow up the lab
so the team starts shooting their way
out of the situation
and baron zemo takes on his comic book
look for a moment
before finishing off the attackers and
stealing a nice car
sharon's not going with them however as
she has her own things to do
and the boys fly out to a safe house
meanwhile the flag smashers are
continuing to raid for global
repatriation council supply depots
that are stockpiling months worth of
medicine and food in order to actually
hand it out to the displaced refugees
they were former mob security members
from mad deport before injecting
themselves with the serum they stole
and taking on the robin hood mantle to
help those in the camps
except that carly is willing to go the
extra step and
also kill people in order to send a
clear message
and as they head to a safe house the
white wolf stops to take a walk around
the area
because he spotted some familiar
surveillance technology
and takes a moment to say hello to one
of the royal guards from wakanda
who have come for zebo the man who blew
up their former king
oh my god so thanks a lot for watching
you are very handsome so make sure
you've hit that subscribe button if you
found this episode useful
and that way i'll see you next time take
care